Quick Installation:
-------------------

  Execute "make" in the top-level folder of the ZINC distribution. The
programme "zinc" is created in the "src" folder and the manual "zinc.html"
is created in the "doc" folder.


Details:
--------

  ZINC is implemented in C. To build ZINC, you need a C compiler that
accepts the basic constructs of the C99 standard like support for stdint.h
and stdbool.h, mixed statements and variable declarations, //-style comments,
etc. Full C99 compliance is *not* necessary. GCC 3.3 or better is
recommended. Other compilers should work, though I haven't checked building
ZINC with anything other than GCC.

The ZINC graphical user interface uses the Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL)
from http://www.libsdl.org/. You should have both the "developer" and
"runtime" portions of SDL and running "sdl-config" should give the correct
compiler and linker flags for building SDL programmes.

The ZINC User Manual is written using the Texinfo markup language, so that
a single source file can be used to create the manual in HTML, PDF and other
formats. You need GNU Texinfo 4.4 or better to create the manual in HTML and
Info formats. You also need TeX if you want to create the manual in PDF.

ZINC has very simple make files - they have been written assuming that GNU
Make 3.79.1 or better is available, but this can be easily rectified. Ditto
for the assumption that a UNIX-like build environment is available.

ZINC was developed on Linux, so it should readily build with a modern
Linux distribution. Even on Windows, ZINC can be readily built using
MinGW and MSYS assuming you install the mingw32 version of the SDL
development library from http://www.libsdl.org/.

To build ZINC, just execute "make" from the top-level folder. If the build
was successful, you get a "zinc" executable in the "src" folder and the ZINC
User Manual in HTML format in the "doc" folder. If you prefer PDF to HTML,
execute "make zinc.pdf" in the "doc" folder to create the manual in PDF.
Similarly execute "make zinc.info" in the "doc" folder if you prefer to
create the manual in Info format.

To clean up after a build, execute "make clean" from the top-level folder.

NOTE:
----
SDL redirects the standard output and error streams on Windows to text
files named "stdout.txt" and "stderr.txt" respectively. You must use the
wrapper batch script "zinc.bat" on Windows instead of invoking "zinc.exe"
directly, otherwise you will miss important diagnostic messages.
